Docs: How to include manual tests into the next release (#1134)
integr8ly/integreatly-operator: test-cases/README.md

Commit everything and open a new PR.

## How to include a manual test case in the next release

> Attention: all changes need to be manually pushed to master or to the release branch

> By default we don't execute all manual tests on each release, therefore if we know we have made a change to a component and a specific test should be executed verify the change or prevent regressions we must manually add the test case to the next release.

Reviewer: replace `executed verify` with `executed to verify`

> By default we don't execute all manual tests on each release, therefore if we know we have made a change to a component and a specific test should be executed verify the change or prevent regressions we must manually add the test case to the next release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default we don't execute all manual tests on each release, therefore if we know we have made a change to a component and a specific test should be executed to verify the change or prevent regressions we must manually add the test case to the next release.
```

> To do it we need to add the to the `targets` the next version, for example if the last released version was `2.7.0` then the next release version would be `2.8.0`.

Reviewer: `the to the` -> I would change the whole sentence:
"To do that the next version needs to added to the `targets`,..."

> To do it we need to add the to the `targets` the next version, for example if the last released version was `2.7.0` then the next release version would be `2.8.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do that the next version needs to be added to the `targets`, for example if the last released version was `2.7.0` then the next release version would be `2.8.0`.
```

> To do that the next version needs to added to the `targets`, for example if the last released version was `2.7.0` then the next release version would be `2.8.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do that the next version needs to be added to the `targets`, for example if the last released version was `2.7.0` then the next release version would be `2.8.0`.
```

Reviewer: Sorry @b1zzu , in my suggestion there was a mistake :+1: Once this is fixed, I am happy to lgtm and approve this one

Author: np, there was no rush to merge it
